Yesterday I was working on numerical poll response. I think today I'll complete
the use case by using a cookie to ensure that users can only respond once. Of
course, a sufficiently determined user could go digging around in their browser
settings and delete the cookie but I'm not going to concern myself with that.
Making users login is much worse.

Now that I've gotten that out of the way...

The home page still hasn't been styled. It's really ugly at the moment. I think
I'll clean that up and see what Bootstrap has to offer. Maybe I could add
explanations for what categorical and numerical polls are.

I realised that the poll configuration page is not mobile friendly. It doesn't
use the numeric keyboard like the poll response page does. Why not make
everything mobile friendly? If I do this then I'll need to add negate buttons.
They kind of ruin the aesthetic a little bit.

I think I should work on the poll running page next. I've been putting this off
because I don't have a clear vision of how it should look. I just know that the
URL and QR Code should take up most of the screen. The little gray box thing
that I've done for all the pages so far probably isn't going to work for the run
page. I guess I'll just get started and see what I come up with!

It looks Ok. Oddly enough it actually looks better on a phone screen! Most of
the pages look better with a narrow screen.

Mobile web browsers are a nightmare. I spent hours trying to deal with 100vh not
behaving as expected. I've tried a bunch of workarounds.
There's an [ignored bug report](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=141832).
I'm just going to accept it as it is. It's good enough. I'm not going to waste
any more time on this.

The one thing that's missing from the run page is the live updating response
counter. This will require setting up SSE. I've used WebSockets before so this
shouldn't be too difficult to set up.

I've got a simple example working. I ran into a few things. We need to ensure
that only the user that created the poll has access to the results. The event
code assumes that there will be one connection per poll but we aren't detecting
when the client is disconnected. We need a session ID cookie to identify a user
as the owner of a poll.

Detecting if a poll response is in-progress seems like it will be a massive pain
so I might not implement it unless I can find a way to do it nicely.

One thing that isn't really specified in the design is the lifetime of the poll.
There's a button on the run page that takes the user to the results page. Polls
are deleted after 24 hours. Should going to the results page put the poll into
a closed state where responses are not allowed but results are accessible? The
run page should probably tell the user how when the poll will be deleted.
