This project is pretty much done. All that I can really do at this point is
refactor. I could add features but I feel like I shouldn't. I want to design
something once, work through it to completion, then move onto the next thing.
Continuously broadening the scope (and not having a well-defined scope to start
with) is a mistake I made in the previous project (chat).

So that's what I'll do today. A little bit of refactoring and then I'll call it
done. I already have a few ideas for the next thing I want to work on.

I've done a bit of refactoring. I could refactor endlessly but there's no point
in that. You need to stop at some point. I have to say I'm pretty proud of this
project. It didn't take too long but I like how it turned out. Reflecting on the
design, I achieved all that I wanted to achieve.

I liked using Vue for a SPA in the previous project. I also like taking the more
traditional approach with this app. They both have their place. Vue just made
sense for the chat website. I think I would have run into trouble if I tried to
use Vue for this website. It would have got in my way more than it helped.

I really like how compact this is. I used Bootstrap but the stylesheet is 8 KB!
If I used a CDN, it would have been around 160 KB. One of my goals was to learn
about webpack configuration and I've done that.

This project was just complex enough to be worth doing but not so complex that
it takes ages to make. Looking that the features of the project, it does all
that I wanted it to do except for one thing. Getting the number of people
currently looking at the respond page. When I was designing, I wasn't sure how I
would do that. When I got to implementation, I realised that it's not worth the
effort because it would have required creating a socket connection. Apart from
that one little thing, it's feature complete.

I thought about buying a domain and a hosting plan and setting all that up. It's
pretty cheap but I'd prefer not to have money trickling into nothing. I mean, I
don't think this is ever going to be used. Even if I went back to uni and talked
to a couple of lecturers about it, I think they'd have a hard time finding a use
for it. It's just not that useful.

For my next project, I want to create something that I'll actually use. That
should give me a lot of motivation to work on it. 
