Last night I suddenly thought about buying a domain and a hosting plan. I've
never hosted a website before but I think I'm getting to the point where some of
my websites might actually be worth hosting. Just so that I can show them to
people. This website for example, it's a bit of a niche. I've found one other
website that seems to do a similar thing. `quickquestion.com.au` is currently
available and I might buy it.

Anyway, I was thinking about how we could detect when people are currently
answering the poll. The only way I can think of would be to hold a web socket
connection with the respondent. As long as the connection is alive, they're
answering the poll. It seems like a massive pain for a feature that doesn't seem
that useful.

For dealing with ownership and repeating polls, I think I need to use a session
ID cookie. I'm really trying to avoid making the user sign in. When the user
creates a poll or responds to a poll, all we need to do is give them a session
ID if they don't have one or use the session ID that they already have. This of
course means that different client means different user but any attempt to track
the same person through multiple devices would be creepy as heck!

That was a pretty massive change but it was necessary. Now only the owner of a
poll can access the results. Checking if a user has responded more than once
also uses the session ID. Responding more than once is still possible by
clearing cookies or using a different computer but like I've already said, it's
a good compromise for not needing to log in.

One thing that's becoming very noticeable is that the QR code is really slow to
load. It's usually a few seconds. I think I should generate the QR code myself
instead of using a service.

Wow that took a while! It think it was around three hours.

I want to make the SSE endpoint fully functional. The boilerplate has already
been done so this shouldn't be too difficult.

On startup, we fetch all the response counts. Then we update the counts and send
the events whenever someone responds.

It's probably about time I started working on categorical polls. I'll leave the
results page for now. I probably won't have much time tomorrow but I guess I'll
see how I go.
