I'm going to work on categorical poll configuration. Representing this in the
database might be tricky.

The annoying thing about categorical polls is that they have a variable number
of options. serde-urlencoded doesn't put multiple options into an array so I
need to parse it manually as a vector of tuples.

I've also been thinking about how to deal with the duplication between numerical
and categorical polls in the database. The two tables have a title, session_id
and creation_time. I'm thinking about putting the common rows into a single
table. For now I've kept them separate. I'm still thinking about the
implications of creating base table. It's probably a good idea but I just want
to be sure.

I have the categorical configuration page inserting the configuration into the
database.

I'm looking at the events endpoint and I think it makes a lot of sense for it to
work without being aware of a particular poll type. It's just dealing with the
number of responses. I'll do it. I'll create a generic poll table.

It seems to have worked out well. There's a fair bit of code being reused
between the two types now.

Now that I have that working, I can create the response page. It's quite similar
to the response page for numerical polls. The form is rendered on the server and
presented to the user.

This is all smooth sailing. With that done I can work on the form submission
handler that puts the response into the database. Categorical responses are
stored as a single integer. In mutex mode, the index of the choice is stored.
Otherwise, a bitset of the choices is stored.

With that done, I can work on generating the CSV. After that, all that's left is
the results page. And then... that's it.

Before I implemented categorical polls, it seemed like I had so much work to do.
Numerical polls paved the way for categorical polls so it was actually pretty
easy.

I'm thinking about how the results page will work. I want to show a histogram.
For categorical data, this is pretty simple. For numerical data, it's tricky.
If it's a small range of integers then I can show the frequency of each integer.
For floats or large ranges of integers, I'd have to divide the data into
buckets. Maybe I could save myself the trouble and not bother trying to show a
histogram for numerical data. The CSV is available so the user can do what they
want with it.

I managed to get the histogram from the database. Initially, mutex responses
were stored as an index but I found that it's much better to store them as
bitsets like non-mutex responses are. This means that the same database query
can be used for both.

Tomorrow I'll work on displaying the histogram on the categorical results page.
The results page is the last thing to do so it will be basically feature
complete at that point. There's also closing polls when moving to the results
page. I'm not sure about the numerical results page. I've been thinking about it
and I probably won't show a histogram there.

I'll probably spend some time refactoring, cleaning and polishing it up. The run
page is kind of ugly and I want to do something about that. Most of the code is
Ok but it could be better. I could even buy a domain and a hosting plan to
deploy this for real. I'm not sure about that. I'll think about it. It could be
interesting since I've never done it before.
