Yesterday I worked on configuring and creating numerical polls. I think it makes
sense to continue along this use case and work on responding to numerical polls.
The page should be pretty simple. Essentially just a number box. Maybe a range
slider too. I also need to ensure that the same person doesn't try to do the
same poll twice.

There's quite a lot of templating that has to happen. Something I hadn't even
thought about was showing a numeric keyboard on a phone. The numeric keyboard
doesn't have a minus sign in iOS so I need to add a minus button. The numeric
keyboard can be configured to have a decimal point. The range slider only makes
sense if both sides of the range are defined. We need to deal with integers and
reals. There are so many variations.

Initially, the title was going to be optional but now I've decided that it
shouldn't be. The response page looks a bit strange without the title there.
It's just a number box and a submit button.

The numerical response page is done. Now I need to work on the API endpoint that
puts the response into the database. Later on, it will need to send an event to
the run page but I probably won't do that today.

I've been very distracted today. I've been learning about cryptocurrencies and
spent a couple of hours watching videos and reading articles. Jeez!

Ok, enough of that.

I'm thinking about how to send the poll ID from the response page to the server.
I could put it in the URL like `api/respond/<id>`. I could embed it in the form
using hidden inputs. Then I'd need to embed the type in the url as well like
`api/respond/numerical`. Putting the ID in the URL would be kind of annoying for
filtering but it's probably the way to go.

I'm beginning to think that embedding the poll type (categorical/numerical) in
the poll ID might not be a good idea. The issue is that filtering becomes kind
of annoying. It's possible but much more annoying than adding a separate path
element. If I want to shorten it can still use a single character.
`respond/n/jhfuhip1` is not that bad. This simplifies some of the code so it's
a win all around.

I decided to remove the `api` prefix and simplify things a bit. A GET fetches
the HTML and a POST submits the form. They're both using the same path but
different methods. I think it's cleaner this way.

Currently, when the response is submitted, nothing happens. The response is
validated and added to the database sure but from the user's perspective, the
form clears. We need a confirmation page to tell the user that the submission
was successful.

I'm not certain on how to do that. I could use JavaScript to update the HTML of
the response page. It would be a small change. I could also create a dedicated
page for it but then how to we get there? It seems pretty inefficient to
redirect to a success page. We post the form, get back a redirect response, then
load the new page. Serving the file directly is difficult to do efficiently
because of the way warp filters work. After using it for a while I'm not really
sold on the design of that library. Error handling has been a pain in the ass
from day 1.

I ended up replying with the HTML directly but inefficiently. Ugh.

I just realised that I need to consider responding more than once. That sounds
like a job for tomorrow.

Something that I think I can do now that won't be too difficult is generating
the CSV. We already have the responses in the database so it won't be too
difficult to fetch them and put them into a CSV.

I'm using a library for writing CSV and it feels a little silly.
