I'm not really sure where to start. I guess just setting up the project. I could
start by creating some request filters.

I started creating HTML files. I'm not about this. I'm going to create separate
HTML files for everything. I'm not sure Vue. I kind of feel like I should use
Vue. I won't. The whole point of this is to see what it's like to not use Vue.
Understand why Vue is used in the first place. I'll use server-side rendering.

Before I write any JavaScript, I should probably get Webpack set up. When I was
using Vue, the CLI set it up for me. I haven't done this manually before. This
should be interesting.

Webpack has been set up. This mostly involved creating a bunch of files and
directories. This gives me much more control than I had when using Vue. Now that
I've got that all sorted, I can probably start working on the pages. The home
page just needs styling, I'll leave styling for later and just focus on
functionality for now.

If the home page is already functionally complete, then the next step would be
configuration. Configuration for numerical polls is probably the simplest so
I'll do that first. The design is detailed enough for it to guide me in the
right direction. Having a design is awesome!

Form validation for numerical polls is done. I also spent some time working with
Bootstrap to make it look OK. Now I'm going to start working on the server side.
There will be an API endpoint that accepts the form data. This will return a
redirect to the run page which the poll ID in the URL. This can't really do much
until the database is set up so I'll need to get that done before doing anything
else.

The numerical poll configuration page is pretty much done. I think I'll call it
a day there. I made a lot of progress. This project definitely won't take as
long as the last one. I might even be done by the end of the month!
